[global]
monitor = 0
follow = mouse
width = 280
height = 150
offset = 20x34
indicate_hidden = yes
shrink = no
separator_height = 4
separator_color = auto
padding = 15
horizontal_padding = 15
frame_width = 3
sort = no
idle_threshold = 120
font =  JetBrainsMono NF 10
line_height = 4
markup = full
format = %s\n%b
alignment = left
show_age_threshold = 60
word_wrap = yes
ignore_newline = no
stack_duplicates = false
hide_duplicate_count = yes
show_indicators = no
icon_position = left
max_icon_size = 96
sticky_history = yes
history_length = 20
browser = $BROWSER 
always_run_script = true
title = Dunst
class = Dunst
progress_bar = true

transparency = 0
frame_color = "#98C379"
corner_radius = 5

[urgency_low]
timeout = 10
background = "#ffffff"
foreground = "#000000"
frame_color = "#98c379"

[urgency_normal]
timeout = 10
background = "#ffffff"
foreground = "#000000"
frame_color = "#98c379"

[urgency_critical]
timeout = 0
background = "#ffffff"
foreground = "#000000"
frame_color = "#fb4939"

[shortcuts]
close = ctrl+shift+space
close_all = ctrl+shift+space
history = ctrl+grave
context = ctrl+shift+period
